README.md, before:

# stttools

This contains tools for the game start trek timelines.

You need a facebook account and a web browser running the game to use the script.

The script *calcbestshuttlemissions.py* calculates the best missions and the best crew man to use for shuttle events.

## Steps
1. First open all shuttle missions which should be considered by the script (do not start the shuttle, but use a transmission).

2. Start **google chrome** or chromium.

3. Press **SHIFT+CTRL+J** (open chrome dev tools).

4. Go to network in chrome dev tools.

5. Activate **preserve log**.

6. Open web site **https://stt.disruptorbeam.com** in web browser until you can play.

7. Enter **player?** in filter field (network register of chrome dev tools).

8. Click on network package found (player?lang=).

9. Click on register **response**.

10. Select all text (**CTRL + A**) and copy (**CTRL + C**). The text starts with *{"action":"update","player":{"id":*. This could be very slow (around 2 or 3 MiB).

11. Open a simple text editor and paste (**CTRL + V**). This could be very slow.

12. Save file using the name **player.json** in the directory where calcbestshuttlemissions.py is located.

13. Run the script **calcbestshuttlemissions.py**. You need to have Python installed.

14. This will print the best 3 missions to be used and the best crew man for these missions.

## Problems
When the mission requires *command* **OR** *science*, it will only check the **first skill**; i.e. in this example *command*.
When the mission requires *commmand* **AND** *science*, it will check **both**. The missions with **AND** are normally better, so the bug for **OR** normally does not matter.

# genwgetfromhar.js
This script replays network traffic and should only be used when you understand it.
Description is inside the source code. It can be used to get the player.json
without doing the above steps, but you need to save the HAR file in the
chrome dev tools.

# stt-chrome-ctrl
The script in stt-chrome-ctrl/stt-chrome-ctrl.sh can automatically get the
player.json.
It runs chromium via nodejs and logins via Facebook; i.e. the web browser is
controlled by the script. You need to enter the facebook login credentials.
These are saved in ${HOME}/.facebook-secret.json.
Parameters are passed to chromium (for example --no-sandbox).
When the game is loaded, you can close the chromium browser which was started.
The script is optimised for debian.

Commit message:

Try to use default google chrome browser and acitivate event panel

README.md, after:

# stttools

This contains tools for the game start trek timelines.

You need a facebook account and a web browser running the game to use the script.

The script *calcbestshuttlemissions.py* calculates the best missions and the best crew man to use for shuttle events.

## Steps
1. First open all shuttle missions which should be considered by the script (do not start the shuttle, but use a transmission).

2. Start **google chrome** or chromium.

3. Press **SHIFT+CTRL+J** (open chrome dev tools).

4. Go to network in chrome dev tools.

5. Activate **preserve log**.

6. Open web site **https://stt.disruptorbeam.com** in web browser until you can play.

7. Enter **player?** in filter field (network register of chrome dev tools).

8. Click on network package found (player?lang=).

9. Click on register **response**.

10. Select all text (**CTRL + A**) and copy (**CTRL + C**). The text starts with *{"action":"update","player":{"id":*. This could be very slow (around 2 or 3 MiB).

11. Open a simple text editor and paste (**CTRL + V**). This could be very slow.

12. Save file using the name **player.json** in the directory where calcbestshuttlemissions.py is located.

13. Run the script **calcbestshuttlemissions.py**. You need to have Python installed.

14. This will print the best 3 missions to be used and the best crew man for these missions.

## Problems
When the mission requires *command* **OR** *science*, it will only check the **first skill**; i.e. in this example *command*.
When the mission requires *commmand* **AND** *science*, it will check **both**. The missions with **AND** are normally better, so the bug for **OR** normally does not matter.

# genwgetfromhar.js
This script replays network traffic and should only be used when you understand it.
Description is inside the source code. It can be used to get the player.json
without doing the above steps, but you need to save the HAR file in the
chrome dev tools.

# stt-chrome-ctrl
The script in stt-chrome-ctrl/stt-chrome-ctrl.sh can automatically get the
player.json.
It runs chromium via nodejs and logins via Facebook; i.e. the web browser is
controlled by the script. You need to enter the facebook login credentials.
The script tries to start the installed google chrome browser with debugging
enabled. When the browser is running it runs the chromium browser included in
puppeteer.
These are saved in ${HOME}/.facebook-secret.json.
Parameters are passed to chromium (for example --no-sandbox).
When the game is loaded, you can close the chromium browser which was started.
The script is optimised for debian.
